---
inFeed: true
hasPage: true
inNav: false
inLanguage: null
starred: false
keywords: []
description: 'null'
datePublished: '2016-04-08T13:44:45.748Z'
dateModified: '2016-04-08T13:44:44.608Z'
title: ''
author: []
authors: []
publisher:
  name: null
  domain: null
  url: null
  favicon: null
sourcePath: _posts/2016-04-08-null.md
published: true
url: null/index.html
_type: Article

---
Day 1

**Airport transfer in + Uluwatu Temple Tour**(Dinner)  
Upon arrival at Bali Airport, meet and transfer to hotel by local representative. After that, you will be transfer out to visit Uluwatu Ancient Temple, the mysterious holy ancient temple, built ever since 16 century by the Indian priest from India, This is one of the important and magnificent ancient monument for Balinese people. This temple is located at the level of 250 feet's above sea level on the cliff of southern point of Pura Luhur with cycloramic views in other words, from sunrise to sunset. Next, dinner will be served BBQ Seafood set Dinner at Jimbaran Beach.

Day 2

**Kintamani + Ubud + Sukawati Market + Padi Field Tengalalang + Tampaksiring Temple** (Breakfast, Lunch, Dinner)  
After breakfast, the tour will be proceeding to the varied faces of Bali. Tour will begin visit the village Celuk. It's famous of gold and silver work. After that, continue to the village MAS. It call "wood carving center'. Then continue shopping at famous local market Sukawati. After lunch at Kintamani, tour proceed to enjoy the scenery the rim of Batur Volcanic basin. After that, photo session at beautiful Padi Field Tengalalang and visit a sacred holy spring temple at Tampaksiring. (Buffet lunch at Suling Bali restaurant and Set Dinner at Kemangi.)

Day 3

**Bedugul + Mengwi Temple + Taman Ayun Temple + Beratan Lake + Tanah Lot** (Breakfast, Lunch, Dinner)  
After breakfast, tour will begin with visiting an ancient Mengwi Royal Family's Taman Ayun Temple. After that, tour continue to the famous Beratan Lake Temple built in Eleven century, and finally visit to Tanah Lot. Tanah Lot is a rock formation off the Indonesian island of Bali. It is home of a pilgrimage temple, the Pura Tanah Lot, and a popular tourist and cultural icon for photography and general exoticism. (Buffet Lunch at Lahagga Restaurant and Dinner at Kaka Restaurant)

Day 4

**Turtle Island + Discovery Mall + Coffee Factory Tour** (Breakfast, Lunch, Dinner)  
After breakfast, you will be transferred to Tanjung Benoa Harbour for an exciting glass boat ride (30 minutes) to Turtle island which you will be able to see turtles in a traditional pool. You may also enjoy the exciting sea sport activities such as Para Sailing, Jet ski, banana boat and etc at your own expenses. After lunch, visit one of Bali biggest shopping complex, Discovery Mall. Then visit to Bali coffee factory, where its produce some of the finest coffee that export to worldwide. (Lunch at Golden Palace Restaurant and Indonesia set dinner at local restaurant. )  
Day 5

**Airport transfer out** (Breakfast)

Breakfast at hotel. Free at own leisure until time for transfer to airport for your flight back home.

**Terms and Conditions**

* Above rate are valid for Minimum 02 Paxs and Asean market only (except Indonesian)
* Child with Bed: 85% of Adult Twin Sharing; Child no Bed: 50% of Adult Twin Sharing.
* Tour based on S.I.C. basis. For private tour arrangement additional RM 50/pax
* Rate and benefits is valid for FIT Booking Only
* Suggested Include English or Malay Guide Tipping at RM 40/Pax/Package.
* Mandarin guide is available for min 11 paxs and above and subject to availability. Cumpulsory pre-collected tipping at RM 100/Pax/Package.